A fat man dying
Dare to be rude to the prince
If it weren't for the king's mercy
How can you live to this day?
It's okay, it matters immediately.
He Tou Treason
You all call me treason
We need a shred of evidence
What evidence?
My words are incriminating evidence
Hahahaha
Good one without evidence
Okay, I am Lin Haoran.
I don't need my temporary ancestors
Necessity is the blood need of the mourning hero
The father of the hero's sword to open the sky and seal the devil
How do you need me to act?
It's also you who pointed fingers
What are you?
Also worthy of asking me for evidence
Just stop pretending to be the bloodline of Tianzun
His Royal Highness the Prince has already exposed you before
Do you think we'll still believe this guy rebelled?
disaster
Sin cannot be punished
Supplementing the bloodline of Tianzun is even more sinful
So what if you can fight again?
You could only be tortured to death.
Don't worry, when you die
Your beautiful wife
I will arrange for someone to take good care of you.
Do you need evidence?
Where is the god general?
My Wang Chutian
Zhinan Wangduancheng
I am the richest man in the West King Oriental Ying Building
Monstrous General Lori Building
Dragon Tooth Temple Dragon Tooth General Li Caolong Building
Suzaku Temple
Suzaku God General Ouyang Yue Hot Spring, etc. See Young Master